feat(github-action): Support updating digest pinned actions (#10835)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/manager/github-actions/readme.md

The `github-actions` manager extracts dependencies from GitHub Actions workflow and workflow template files.

If you like to use digest pinning but want to follow the action version tag, you can use the following sample:

```yaml
name: build

on: [push]

jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@af513c7a016048ae468971c52ed77d9562c7c819 # renovate: tag=v1.0.0
```

> Renovate will update the commit SHA1 but follow the GitHub tag you specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renovate will update the commit SHA but follow the GitHub tag you specified.
Renovate can update digests that use SHA1 and SHA256 algorithms.
```

Use generic SHA name, and explain that Renovate can update SHA1 and SHA256 digest hashes.

The `github-actions` manager extracts dependencies from GitHub Actions workflow and workflow template files.

If you like to use digest pinning but want to follow the action version tag, you can use the following sample:

```yaml
name: build

on: [push]

jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@af513c7a016048ae468971c52ed77d9562c7c819 # renovate: tag=v1.0.0
```

Renovate will update the commit SHA but follow the GitHub tag you specified.
Renovate can update digests that use SHA1 and SHA256 algorithms.
You can also use the following PackageRule to automatically pin action digests.

```json
{
  "matchDepTypes": ["action"],
  "pinDigests": true
}

> ```

Reviewer: How about we add a new config preset? I'm thinking of something like `:automaticallyPinGitHubActionDigests`. Or a suitable short name. 😉

Author: done https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/pull/10835/commits/f932ba09a936566b9d5ad78aadd963c7aa13f894

The `github-actions` manager extracts dependencies from GitHub Actions workflow and workflow template files.

If you like to use digest pinning but want to follow the action version tag, you can use the following sample:

```yaml
name: build

on: [push]

jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@af513c7a016048ae468971c52ed77d9562c7c819 # renovate: tag=v1.0.0
```

Renovate will update the commit SHA but follow the GitHub tag you specified.
Renovate can update digests that use SHA1 and SHA256 algorithms.

> If you want to automatically pin action digests put the following configuration in a new `packageRules` array :
> 
> ```json
> {
>   "matchDepTypes": ["action"],
>   "pinDigests": true
> }
> ```

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to automatically pin action digests put the following configuration in the extends array : 

```json
{
  "extends": ["helper:pinGitHubActionDigests"]
}
```
```

What about this
